Adding/updating RLP use cases to docs (#964)
Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator: doc/install/install-make.md

# Installing Kuadrant via make targets

## Overview

> The following doc will show you how to install the Kuadrant Operator using make targets in the Kuadrant operator repo. What will be installed is Istio, Kubernetes Gateway API and Kuadrant itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document guides you through installing the Kuadrant Operator using the `make` targets provided in the Kuadrant Operator repository. The installation includes a `kind` cluster, Istio, the Kubernetes Gateway API, and the Kuadrant Operator itself.
```

For other methods of installation see
- [k8s](https://github.com/Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/blob/main/doc/install/install-kubernetes.md)
- [Openshift](https://github.com/Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/blob/main/doc/install/install-openshift.md)

> **Note:** In production environment, these steps are usually performed by a cluster operator with administrator privileges over the Kubernetes cluster.

### Pre-requisites
- [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io)
- [Docker](https://docker.io)
- [Podman](https://podman.io/)

### Setup

Clone the project:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator && cd kuadrant-operator
```

> Setup the environment (This will also create a kind cluster. If your using Pod man use the env var CONTAINER_ENGINE=podman with the make target below.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup the environment:

*Note:** This will also create a `kind` cluster. If you are using Podman, set the `CONTAINER_ENGINE=podman` environment variable with the make target below.
```
